Automatic documentation with Sphinx and Read the Docs (#104)
sct-pipeline/csa-atrophy: docs/subject_dataframe.rst

> Subject dataframe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intra-subject
```

Author: Done

> ==================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=================
```

> Per-subject statistics are regrouped in the Panda dataframe ``df_sub``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intra-subject statistics. These statistics are gathered in the Panda dataframe ``df_sub``:
```

Author: Implemented in commit c5671c2

Intra-subject CSA (CSA estimation)

> """"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Reviewer: ```suggestion
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""
```

> Per rescaling and per subject, computation of the mean CSA across transformations: :math:`MEAN[CSA(sI, rX, :)] \to \overline{CSA}_{(sI,rX,:)}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mean CSA across transformations, per rescaling and per subject. 
c: :math:`MEAN[CSA(sI, rX, :)] \to \overline{CSA}_{(sI,rX,:)}`
```

Author: Explanation for each statistic was adjusted in commit 70e9ff7, to reflect this suggestion.
